README.md, before:

[![progress-banner](https://backend.codecrafters.io/progress/redis/fbaaf1be-6bad-4539-91fa-850d2114a218)](https://app.codecrafters.io/users/codecrafters-bot?r=2qF)

This is a starting point for C++ solutions to the
["Build Your Own Redis" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/redis).

In this challenge, you'll build a toy Redis clone that's capable of handling
basic commands like `PING`, `SET` and `GET`. Along the way we'll learn about
event loops, the Redis protocol and more.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your Redis implementation is in `src/Server.cpp`. Study and
uncomment the relevant code, and push your changes to pass the first stage:

```sh
git add .
git commit -m "pass 1st stage" # any msg
git push origin master
```

That's all!

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `cmake` installed locally
1. Run `./spawn_redis_server.sh` to run your Redis server, which is implemented
   in `src/Server.cpp`.
1. Commit your changes and run `git push origin master` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.

Commit message:

create make and cmake rules for easier running of tests and cleaning build etc.

README.md, after:

# Redis challenge
This is a an attempt at a C++ implementation of the ["Build Your Own Redis" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/redis).

# Instructions

## Installation/prerequisites

- g++ version 10 or newer is required (because I use some C++20 concepts for fun). See the `gcc-10-toolchain.cmake` file that specifies the compiler (you may have to change it a bit to work with your compiler of choice).
- cmake and make
- gtest is pulled in from a zip file (see the `CMakeLists.txt` file).

## codecrafters CLI
The codecrafters CLI is primarily how the program is tested. You can also use the `spawn_redis_server.sh` script to build and run the main executable called `server`.

## Faster iteration

- `make test` should run the unit tests I've written so far.
- There's also a `clean` rule to clean the build directory (e.g. `make clean` or even `make clean test`).
- `make run -- <any args go here>` if you want to run the `server` executable with flags.


# Progress Log

## Basic Parser Finished
I finished the base set of challenges using a really hacky/dirty parser

## Parser rehaul
I'm doing a rehaul of the parser.

- [x] basic unit tests for parser (can't rely on codecrafters test suite since it doesn't allow testing efactors). Start with roundtripping Messages.
- [x] hook up the new refactored parser parts to the Server and see if it works.
- [ ] consider using istringstream instead of using iterators on the chars (also fix the bugs where we dereference end iterators).
- [ ] consider using the visitor pattern on the variant of Message data field (right now I use a bunch of switch statements).
- [ ] clean up the header/source files. Lots of redundant stuff, stale comments, etc. Throw out old parser logic once the new refactored parser is hooked up.
- [ ] cleanly break apart the server logic from the Parser file. Also clean up all the namespacing mess I made.
